1.  What’s stdint.h?

    stdint.h is a header file that creates a list of defined integer types of specific sizes
    and formats such as 8bits or 16bits, and signed or unsigned.

2.  What’s the point of using uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t in a program?

    The point of using these types is to specify memory use, how the variables should be used,
    what they can be used for, etc.

3.  How many bytes is a BYTE, a DWORD, a LONG, and a WORD, respectively?

    BYTE: 1 byte
    DWORD: 4 bytes
    LONG: 4 bytes
    WORD: 2 bytes

4.  What (in ASCII, decimal, or hexadecimal) must the first two bytes of any BMP file be?
    Leading bytes used to identify file formats (with high probability) are generally called "magic numbers."

    The file type, which must be "BF"

5.  What’s the difference between bfSize and biSize?

    bfSize: The number of bytes required by the bitmap file
    biSize: The number of bytes required by the BITMAPINFOHEADER structure

6.  What does it mean if biHeight is negative?

    If biHeight is negative, then the bitmap is top-down and the starting byte is in the upper-left corner.

7.  What field in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s color depth (i.e., bits per pixel)?

    biBitCount is the field that specifies the BMP's color depth.

8.  Why might fopen return NULL in lines 24 and 32 of copy.c?

    The file infile might not exist or have permissions so then fopen would not be able to open it and would return NULL.
    The file outfile might already exist and have permissions that stops fopen from opening it and erasing the contents.

9.  Why is the third argument to fread always 1 in our code?

    The third argument is the number of elements that we are reading in, and since we are only ever reading in one element
    then the argument is only ever "1".

10. What value does line 65 of copy.c assign to padding if bi.biWidth is 3?

    4-(3*3%4)%4 = 4

11. What does fseek do?

    fseek is used to set the file position indicator for whatever the stream is pointed to.
    So you give it a stream (*stream) and amount of bytes to offset (offest) from a specific position in the stream (whence)
    and it sets the file position indicator to that point.

12. What is SEEK_CUR?

    SEEK_CUR is the current position indiciator for the file.